                                DATA PROCESSING ADDENDUM


This Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”) forms part of and is incorporated into the agreement
between Fireworks.ai, Inc. (“Company”) and the business customer that has entered into or is
otherwise bound by the applicable terms of service or other written agreement governing the
Customer’s use of the Services (the “Agreement”). To the extent Company processes Personal
Data on behalf of Customer in connection with the Services, this DPA sets forth the Parties’
respective rights and obligations regarding such processing. In the event of a conflict between this
DPA and the Agreement, this DPA shall control.

1.​    DEFINITIONS

1.1​   Capitalized terms used but not defined within this DPA will have the meaning set forth in the
       Agreement. The following capitalized terms used in this DPA will be defined as follows:

       "Administration Data" means

       (a)​    contact details relating to, and the content of correspondence with Customer's main
               account holder or administrator; and

       (b)​    support enquiries submitted by Customer's authorized users in relation to the
               Service.

       "Affiliate" means: (a) an entity of which a party directly or indirectly owns fifty percent (50%)
       or more of the stock or other equity interest; (b) an entity that owns at least fifty percent
       (50%) or more of the stock or other equity interest of a party; or (c) an entity which is under
       common control with a party by having at least fifty percent (50%) or more of the stock or
       other equity interest of such entity and a party owned by the same person, but such entity
       shall only be deemed to be an Affiliate so long as such ownership exists.

       "Applicable Data Protection Laws" means all applicable laws, rules, regulations, and
       governmental requirements relating to the privacy, confidentiality, or security of Personal
       Data, as they may be amended or otherwise updated from time to time, under the European
       Data Protection Laws and US Data Protection Laws.

       "Controller Purposes" means: (a) administering Company's relationship with Customer
       under the Agreement, including maintaining and servicing accounts on the Services; (b)
       monitoring, investigating, preventing and detecting fraud, security incidents and other misuse
       of the Services; (c) complying with legal or regulatory obligations applicable to the
       processing and retention of Personal Data to which Company is subject; and (d) monitoring
       the performance of the Services to identify and repair errors; (e) undertaking internal
       research for technological development, including testing, improving, developing and altering
       the functionality of the Services and developing new products and services.
"Covered Data" means Personal Data that is: (a) provided by or on behalf of Customer to
Company in connection with the Services; or (b) obtained, developed, produced or otherwise
Processed by Company, or its agents or subcontractors, for the purposes of providing the
Services, in each case as further described in Schedule 1.

"Data Subject" means a natural person whose Personal Data is Processed.

"Deidentified Data" means data created using Covered Data that cannot reasonably be
linked to such Covered Data, directly or indirectly.

“European Data Protection Laws” means data protection and privacy laws and regulations
of Europe applicable to Company’s provision of the Services under the Agreement, including
where applicable (a) the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (“GDPR”); (b) the
GDPR as saved into United Kingdom law by virtue of section 3 of the United Kingdom's
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and the Data Protection Act 2018 (together, “UK
GDPR”); and (c) the Swiss Federal Data Protection Act and its implementing regulations
(“Swiss Data Protection Act”); in each case, as amended, superseded or replaced from
time to time.

"Personal Data" means any data or information that: (a) is linked or reasonably linkable to
an identified or identifiable natural person; or (b) is otherwise "personal data", "personal
information", "personally identifiable information", or similarly defined data or information
under Applicable Data Protection Laws.

"Processing" means any operation or set of operations which is performed on Personal
Data or on sets of Personal Data, whether or not by automated means. "Process",
"Processes" and "Processed" will be interpreted accordingly.

"Prohibited Personal Data" means: (a) “personal health information,” as defined under the
Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, unless you have entered into a separate
agreement with us relating to the processing of such data; or (b) payment card data,
including credit card or debit card numbers.

"Security Incident" means a breach of security leading to the accidental or unlawful
destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or unauthorized access to (including
unauthorized internal access to), Covered Data.

"Services" means the services to be provided by the Company to the Customer under the
Agreement.

"Standard Contractual Clauses" or "SCCs" means the Standard Contractual Clauses
annexed to the Commission Implementing Decision (EU) 2021/914.

"Sub-processor" means, with respect to any Processing performed by Company as a
processor or service provider, an entity appointed by Company to Process Covered Data on
its behalf.



                                                                                             2
       "Swiss Data Protection Laws" means the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection of 25
       September 2020 ("FADP") and the Swiss Data Protection Ordinance of 31 August 2022 (the
       "Ordinance"), and any new or revised version of these laws that may enter into force for
       time to time.

       "US Data Protection Laws" means all applicable federal and state laws rules, regulations,
       and governmental requirements relating to data protection, the Processing of Personal Data,
       privacy and/or data protection in force from time to time in the United States, including
       (without limitation): the CCPA, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, Code of Virginia
       Title 59.1 Chapter 52 § 59.1-571 et seq., the Colorado Privacy Act, Colorado Revised
       Statute Title 6 Article 1 Part 13 § 6-1-1301 et seq., the Utah Consumer Privacy Act, Utah
       Code § 13-6-101 et seq., Connecticut Senate Bill 6, An Act Concerning Personal Data
       Privacy and Online Monitoring (as such law is chaptered and enrolled).

       "Usage Data" means diagnostic, usage and performance information collected by the
       Company in relation to Customer's and its authorized users' use of the Services. For the
       sake of clarity, the definition of Usage Data does not include Customer prompts, model
       inputs, or outputs (each of which is considered Covered Data hereunder).

1.2​   The terms "controller", "processor", "business" and "service provider" have the
       meanings given to them in the Applicable Data Protection Laws.

2.​    INTERACTION WITH THE AGREEMENT

       This DPA is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Agreement. This DPA
       supplements and (in case of contradictions) supersedes the Agreement with respect to any
       Processing of Covered Data.

3.​    ROLE OF THE PARTIES

       The Parties acknowledge and agree that:

       (a)​   save as set out in paragraph 3(b), Company acts as a processor or service provider
              in the performance of its obligations under the Agreement and this DPA and
              Customer acts as a controller or business; and

       (b)​   for the purposes of the GDPR, Company acts as a controller with respect to the
              Processing of Administration Data and Usage Data for the Controller Purposes.

4.​    DETAILS OF DATA PROCESSING

4.1​   The details of the Processing of Personal Data under the Agreement and this DPA (including
       subject matter, nature and purpose of the Processing, categories of Personal Data and Data
       Subjects) are described in the Agreement and in Schedule 1 to this DPA.




                                                                                                3
4.2​   Company shall comply with its obligations under Applicable Data Protection Laws. Save with
       respect to any Processing of Administration Data and Usage Data for the Controller
       Purposes, Company will only Process Covered Data on behalf of and under the instructions
       of Customer and in accordance with Applicable Data Protection Laws.

4.3​   The Agreement and this DPA shall constitute Customer’s instructions for the Processing of
       Covered Data. Customer may issue further written instructions in accordance with this DPA.
       Without limiting the foregoing, Company is prohibited from:

       (a)​   selling Covered Data or otherwise making Covered Data available to any third party
              for monetary or other valuable consideration;

       (b)​   sharing Covered Data with any third party for cross-context behavioural advertising;

       (c)​   retaining, using, or disclosing Covered Data for any purpose other than for the
              business purposes specified in the Agreement or as otherwise permitted by
              Applicable Data Protection Laws;

       (d)​   retaining, using, or disclosing Covered Data outside of the direct business
              relationship between the Parties; and

       (e)​   except as otherwise permitted by Applicable Data Protection Laws, combining
              Covered Data with Personal Data that Company receives from or on behalf of
              another person or persons, or collects from its own interaction with the Data Subject.

       (f)​   using Covered Data to train, fine-tune, or otherwise improve any shared or
              foundational model.

4.4​   Company will:

       (a)​   provide Customer with reasonable and appropriate information to enable Customer
              to conduct and document any data protection assessments required under
              Applicable Data Protection Laws;

       (b)​   promptly inform Customer if, in its opinion, an instruction from Customer infringes the
              Applicable Data Protection Laws; and

       (c)​   limit access to Covered Data to personnel who have a business need to have access
              to such Covered Data, and will ensure that such personnel are subject to obligations
              at least as protective of the Covered Data as the terms of this DPA and the
              Agreement.

4.5​   Except as described below, Company shall not retain Customer's prompt inputs or model
       outputs beyond the lifecycle of the applicable request. The foregoing obligation applies when
       Customer uses the Services in accordance with Company's Zero Data Retention
       configuration and usage documentation, as updated from time to time (available at



                                                                                                     4
       docs.fireworks.ai). Customer is responsible for ensuring its configuration of the Services
       remains consistent with the then-current documentation. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
       Customer acknowledges that certain Service features require transient or persistent data
       handling, including: (a) use of the Response API unless configured with store=false; and (b)
       use of prompt caching. When Customer enables such features, input and output data may
       be retained for the duration required to fulfil those features.

5.​    COMPLIANCE

5.1​   Customer shall comply with its obligations as a controller, business or equivalent term under
       the Applicable Data Protection Laws, and shall:

       (a)​    provide such information to Data Subjects regarding the Processing of their Covered
               Data in connection with the Customer’s use of the Services as required under
               Applicable Data Protection Laws;

       (b)​    provide Data Subjects with any information made available to the Customer by
               Company in respect of Company’s Processing of Administrative Data and Usage
               Data for the Controller Purposes;

       (c)​    ensure that any Covered Data provided by Customer to Company does not contain
               any Prohibited Personal Data;

       (d)​    to the extent required for the lawful Processing of Covered Data under Applicable
               Data Protection Laws, including Company’s collection and Processing of Usage Data
               for the Controller Purposes, obtain any required consents or provide any required
               notices to Data Subjects in accordance with Applicable Data Protection Laws; and

       (e)​    implement appropriate technical and organisational measures to give effect to Data
               Subject rights under Applicable Data Protection Laws, and shall comply with
               requests from Data Subjects to exercise their rights under Applicable Data Protection
               Laws within the timeframe and subject to any exemptions prescribed in the
               Applicable Data Protection Laws.

5.2​   Notwithstanding any other language in this DPA or the Agreement to the contrary, Customer
       acknowledges and agrees as follows: (i) that Company is not PCI compliant, and is under no
       obligation to become PCI compliant; (ii) that, other than to maintain any certifications the
       Company currently holds as of the effective date of this DPA, Company is under no obligation to
       pursue compliance for any additional industry standards or certifications at the request of
       Customer; and (iii) that, if and when a situation arises where Customer or its users are
       Processing Covered Data through the Services for which Company does not maintain the
       requisite compliance or certifications, Company will not be liable under this DPA or the
       Agreement for any such Processing, and Customer’s sole remedy will be for Customer to cease
       the Processing of such Covered Data going forward (for the sake of clarity, Customer will not
       have the right to terminate this DPA or the Agreement in such a case, whether for convenience or
       for cause.



                                                                                                     5
6.​    SUB-PROCESSORS

6.1​   Company may Process Covered Data anywhere that Company, its Affiliates or its
       Sub-processors maintain facilities, subject to the remainder of this clause 6.

6.2​   Customer grants Company general authorisation to engage any of its Affiliates and/or
       Sub-processors listed in Schedule 4 to this DPA, as amended in accordance with clause 6.4
       (the “Authorised Sub-processors"), to Process Covered Data.

6.3​   Company shall:

       (a)​   enter into a written agreement with each Authorised Sub-processor imposing data
              protection obligations that, in substance, are no less protective of Covered Data than
              Company’s obligations under this DPA; and

       (b)​   remain liable for each Authorised Sub-processor’s compliance with the obligations
              under this DPA.

6.4​   Company will provide Customer with at least thirty (30) days' prior written notice of any
       proposed changes to the Authorised Sub-processors. Company may provide such notice in a
       variety of ways, including via blog post, notification within the Services, or any other
       reasonable means (or via email If Customer opts in to receive email notifications by
       subscribing to Company’s Trust Center updates (available at https://trust.fireworks.ai)). Any
       such change shall be deemed to automatically update Schedule 4 to this DPA and shall
       become effective without requiring a formal written amendment executed by both Parties. If
       Customer wishes to object to a proposed change to the Authorised Sub-processors
       (including, where applicable, when exercising its right to object under clause 9(a) of the
       SCCs), Customer must provide Company with written notice of such objection within ten (10)
       days after Company has provided notice of the proposed change (an “Objection”).

6.5​   In the event Customer submits an Objection to Company, Company and Customer shall
       work together in good faith to find a mutually acceptable resolution to address such
       Objection. If Company and Customer are unable to reach a mutually acceptable resolution
       within a reasonable timeframe, which shall not exceed thirty (30) days, Customer may
       terminate the portion of the Agreement relating to the Services affected by such change by
       providing written notice to Company.

6.6​   Company shall notify the Customer of any failure by the sub-processor to fulfil its obligations
       under that contract.

7.​    DATA SUBJECT RIGHTS REQUESTS

7.1​   Company will notify Customer without undue delay of any request received by Company or
       any Authorised Sub-processor from a Data Subject to assert their rights in relation to
       Covered Data under Applicable Data Protection Laws (a "Data Subject Request").




                                                                                                    6
7.2​   Other than in respect of any Processing of Administration Data and Usage Data for the
       Controller Purposes, Customer will have sole discretion in responding to the Data Subject
       Request, and Company shall not respond to the Data Subject Request, save that Company
       may advise the Data Subject that their request has been forwarded to Customer.

7.3​   Company will provide Customer with reasonable assistance as necessary for Customer to
       fulfil its obligation under Applicable Data Protection Laws to respond to Data Subject
       Requests.

8.​    SECURITY

8.1​   Company will implement and maintain appropriate technical and organisational data
       protection and security measures designed to ensure security of Covered Data, including,
       without limitation, protection against unauthorised or unlawful Processing and against
       accidental loss, destruction, or damage of or to Covered Data.

8.2​   When assessing the appropriate level of security, Company shall take into account the
       nature, scope, context and purpose of the Processing as well as the risks that are presented
       by the Processing, in particular from accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration,
       unauthorized disclosure of, or access to Covered Data.

8.3​   Company will implement and maintain as a minimum standard the measures set out in
       Schedule 2.

9.​    INFORMATION AND AUDITS

9.1​   Company shall notify Customer promptly if Company determines that it can no longer meet
       its obligations under Applicable Data Protection Laws.

9.2​   Customer may take reasonable and appropriate steps to:

       (a)​   ensure that Company uses Covered Data in a manner consistent with Customer’s
              obligations under Applicable Data Protection Laws; and

       (b)​   upon reasonable notice, stop and remediate unauthorized use of Covered Data.

9.3​   Customer may engage an independent third party auditor, at Customer’s expense, to audit
       Company’s compliance with this DPA (no more often than once annually, except in the event
       of a Security Incident). The Parties agree that all such audits will be conducted:

       (a)​   upon reasonable written notice to Company;

       (b)​   only during Company’s normal business hours; and

       (c)​   in a manner that does not materially disrupt Company’s business or operations.

9.4​   With respect to any audits conducted in accordance with clause 9.3:


                                                                                                 7
        (a)​   Company shall not be required to facilitate any such audit unless and until the Parties
               have agreed in writing the scope and timing of such audit; and

        (b)​   Company shall not be required to give Customer access to information, facilities or
               systems to the extent doing so would cause Company to be in violation of
               confidentiality obligations owed to other customers or its legal obligations.

9.5​    Customer shall promptly notify Company of any non-compliance discovered during an audit.

9.6​    The results of the audit shall be Company’s confidential information.

9.7​    Company shall provide to Customer upon request, or may provide to Customer in response
        to any audit request submitted by Customer to Company, either of the following:

        (a)​   data protection compliance certifications issued by a commonly accepted certification
               issuer which has been audited by a data security expert, or by a publicly certified
               auditing company; or

        (b)​   such other documentation reasonably evidencing the implementation of the technical
               and organisational data security measures in accordance with industry standards.

9.8​    If an audit requested by Customer is addressed in the documents or certification provided by
        Company in accordance with paragraph 9.7, and:

        (a)​   the certification or documentation is dated within twelve (12) months of Customer’s
               audit request; and

        (b)​   Company confirms that there are no known material changes in the controls audited,

        Customer agrees to accept that certification or documentation in lieu of conducting an audit
        of the controls covered by the relevant certification or documentation.

10.​    SECURITY INCIDENTS

10.1​   Company shall notify Customer in writing without undue delay, and in any event within
        forty-eight (48) hours, after confirmation of any Security Incident.

10.2​   Company shall take reasonable steps to contain, investigate, and mitigate any Security
        Incident, and shall send Customer timely information about the Security Incident, to the
        extent known to Company or as the information becomes available to Company, including,
        but not limited to, the nature of the Security Incident, the measures taken to mitigate or
        contain the Security Incident, and the status of the investigation.

10.3​   Company shall provide reasonable assistance with Customer’s investigation of any Security
        Incidents and any of Customer’s obligations in relation to the Security Incident under
        Applicable Data Protection Laws, including any notification to Data Subjects or supervisory
        authorities.


                                                                                                    8
10.4​   Company’s notification of or response to a Security Incident under this paragraph 10 shall
        not be construed as an acknowledgement by Company of any fault or liability with respect to
        the Security Incident.

11.​    TERM, DELETION AND RETURN

11.1​   This DPA shall commence on the Effective Date and, notwithstanding any termination of the
        Agreement, will remain in effect until, and automatically expire upon, Company’s deletion of
        all Covered Data as described in this DPA.

11.2​   Company shall:

        (a)​   if requested to do so by Customer within thirty (30) days of expiry of the Agreement
               (the "Retention Period"), provide a copy of all Covered Data in such commonly used
               format as requested by Customer, or provide a self-service functionality allowing
               Customer to download such Covered Data; and

        (b)​   on expiry of the Retention Period, delete all copies of Covered Data Processed by
               Company or any Authorised Sub-processors, other than any Administration Data and
               Usage Data Processed for the Controller Purposes.

12.​    STANDARD CONTRACTUAL CLAUSES

12.1​   The Standard Contractual Clauses shall, as further set out in Schedule 3, apply to the
        transfer of any Covered Data from Customer to Company, and form part of this DPA, to the
        extent that:

        (a)​   the European Data Protection Laws apply to Customer when making that transfer; or

        (b)​   the European Data Protection Laws that apply to Customer when making that
               transfer (the "Exporter Data Protection Laws") prohibit the transfer of Covered
               Data to Company under this DPA in the absence of a transfer mechanism
               implementing adequate safeguards in respect of the Processing of that Covered
               Data, and any one or more of the following applies:

               (i)​    the relevant authority with jurisdiction over Customer’s transfer of Covered
                       Data under this DPA has not formally adopted standard data protection
                       clauses or another transfer mechanism under the Exporter Data Protection
                       Laws; or

               (ii)​   entering into standard contractual clauses approved by the European
                       Commission would reasonably satisfy any requirement under the Exporter
                       Data Protection Laws to implement adequate safeguards in respect of that
                       transfer.




                                                                                                  9
        (c)​   the transfer is an "onward transfer" (as defined in the applicable module of the
               SCCs).

12.2​   The Parties agree that execution of the Agreement shall have the same effect as signing the
        SCCs.

13.​    DEIDENTIFIED DATA

        If Company receives Deidentified Data from or on behalf of Customer, Company shall:

        (a)​   take reasonable measures to ensure the information cannot be associated with a
               Data Subject;

        (b)​   publicly commit to Process the Deidentified Data solely in deidentified form and not
               to attempt to reidentify the information; and

        (c)​   contractually obligate any recipients of the Deidentified Data to comply with the
               foregoing requirements and Applicable Data Protection Laws.

14.​    GENERAL

14.1​   The Parties hereby certify that they understand the requirements in this DPA and will comply
        with them.

14.2​   The Parties agree that any limitations on either Party's liability under the Agreement shall
        apply to any claims, losses or damages arising in respect of a breach of this DPA and the
        SCCs.

14.3​   The Parties agree to negotiate in good faith any amendments to this DPA as may be
        required in connection with changes in Applicable Data Protection Laws.




                                                                                                 10
                                          Schedule 1​ ​
                                        DETAILS OF PROCESSING

A.​     List of Parties


                      Customer                                  Company

 Role                 Data exporter                             Data importer

 Contact person       Customer contact information shall        Chris Ulrich, Director of Security &
                      be as specified in the Agreement or,      Trust
                      where applicable, in Customer’s
                                                                chris.ulrich@fireworks.ai
                      Administration Data associated with
                      its use of the Services.

 Activities           The receipt of the Services under the     The performance of the Services
 relevant to the      Agreement.                                under the Agreement.
 transfer

B.​     Description of Processing


 Categories of Data       ●​ Customer’s employees, consultants, contractors and/or agents
 Subjects                 ●​ Employees, consultants, contractors and/or agents of Customer’s
                             affiliates

 Categories of            ●​ Contact information: name, title, phone number, email address.
 Personal Data            ●​ Employment information: business email address.
                          ●​ Inputs: information and content inputted into the Services by
                             Customer's authorized users.
                          ●​ Log data
                          ●​ Device data: device identifiers (i.e., serial number), IP address of
                             company device, installed applications on company device.

 Special categories       ●​ N/A unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Parties in accordance
 of Personal Data            with Section 5.1(c).

 Frequency of the         ●​ Continuous
 transfer

 Duration of the          Company will process Customer’s Personal Data as long as is required:
 transfer
                          ●​ to provide the Services to Customer under the Agreement;
                          ●​ for Company’s legitimate business needs; or
                          ●​ by applicable law or regulation.

 Nature of the            ●​ Receiving data, including collection, accessing, retrieval, recording,
 Processing                  and data entry



                                                                                                   11
                        ●​   Protecting data, including restricting, encrypting, and security testing
                        ●​   Holding data, including storage, organization, and structuring
                        ●​   Erasing data, including destruction and deletion
                        ●​   Analyzing data, including product usage assessment
                        ●​   Sharing data, including disclosure to Sub-processors as permitted in
                             this DPA

 Purposes of the        The delivery of a generative AI application programming interface
 data transfer and      including:
 further Processing
                        ●​ providing Customer’s users with access to the Services;
                        ●​ generating outputs based on inputs provided by Customer's users of
                           the Services;
                        ●​ resolving queries and support requests submitted by Customer.

 Retention period       For the duration of the Agreement, unless earlier deletion is requested by
                        the Company

 Sub-processors         As set out in Schedule 4 to this DPA

C.​    Competent Supervisory Authority

The competent supervisory authority is: the Irish Data Protection Commissioner




                                                                                                     12
                                              Schedule 2​ ​
                                   TECHNICAL AND ORGANIZATIONAL MEASURES

 Technical and Organizational
                                                                        Details
       Security Measure
Measures of pseudonymisation               Company has deployed secure methods and protocols for
and encryption of personal data            transmission of confidential or sensitive information over
                                           public networks. Databases housing sensitive customer data
                                           are encrypted at rest. Company uses only recommended
                                           secure cipher suites and protocols to encrypt all traffic in
                                           transit and Customer Data is securely encrypted with strong
                                           ciphers and configurations when at rest.
Measures for ensuring ongoing              Company’s customer agreements contain strict
confidentiality, integrity, availability   confidentiality obligations. Additionally, Company requires
and resilience of processing               every downstream Sub-processor to sign confidentiality
systems and services                       provisions that are substantially similar to those contained in
                                           Company’s customer agreements.

                                           Company undergoes annual SOC 2 Type II audits and
                                           maintains ISO 27001, ISO 27701, and ISO 42001
                                           certifications.
Measures for ensuring the ability          Daily, weekly and monthly backups of production datastores
to restore the availability and            are taken.​
access to personal data in a
timely manner in the event of a            Backups are periodically tested in accordance with
physical or technical incident             information security and data management policies.

Processes for regularly testing,           Company undergoes annual SOC 2 Type II audits and
assessing and evaluating the               maintains ISO 27001, ISO 27701, and ISO 42001
effectiveness of technical and             certifications.
organizational measures in order
to ensure the security of the
processing

Measures for user identification           Company uses secure access protocols and processes and
and authorization                          follows industry best-practices for authentication, including
                                           Multifactor Authentication and Single Sign On (SSO). All
                                           production access requires the use of two-factor
                                           authentication, and network infrastructure is securely
                                           configured to vendor and industry best practices to block all
                                           unnecessary ports, services, and unauthorized network
                                           traffic.

Measures for the protection of             Company has deployed secure methods and protocols for
data during transmission                   transmission of confidential or sensitive information over
                                           public networks. Company uses only recommended secure
                                           cipher suites and protocols to encrypt all traffic in transit (i.e.,
                                           TLS 1.2).
Measures for the protection of             Encryption-at-rest is automated using AWS’s transparent disk
data during storage                        encryption, which uses industry standard AES-256 encryption
                                           to secure all volume (disk) data. All keys are fully managed by
                                           AWS.



                                                                                                             13
Measures for ensuring physical       All Company processing occurs in physical data centers that
security of locations at which       are managed by AWS, GCP, Oracle Cloud.
personal data are processed          https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/data-center/controls/

Measures for ensuring events         Company monitors access to applications, tools, and
logging                              resources that process or store Customer Data, including
                                     cloud services. Monitoring of security logs is managed by the
                                     security and engineering teams. Log activities are
                                     investigated when necessary and escalated appropriately.
Measures for ensuring system          Company adheres to a change management process to
configuration, including default     administer changes to the production environment for the
configuration                        Services, including changes to its underlying software,
                                     applications, and systems. All production changes are
                                     automated through CI/CD tools to ensure consistent
                                     configurations.
Measures for internal IT and IT      The framework for Company’s security program includes
security governance and              administrative, organizational, technical, and physical
management                           safeguards reasonably designed to protect the Services and
                                     confidentiality, integrity, and availability of Customer Data.
Measures for                         Company undergoes annual SOC 2 Type II audits and
certification/assurance of           maintains ISO 27001, ISO 27701, and ISO 42001
processes and products               certifications.

Measures for ensuring data           Company’s Customers unilaterally determine what data they
minimisation                         route through the Services. As such, Company operates on a
                                     shared responsibility model. Company gives Customers
                                     control over exactly what data enters the platform.
                                     Additionally, Company has built in self-service functionality to
                                     the Services that allows Customers to delete and suppress
                                     data at their discretion.
Measures for ensuring data quality   Company has a multi-tiered approach for ensuring data
                                     quality. These measures include: (i) unit testing to ensure
                                     quality of logic used to process API calls, (ii) database
                                     schema validation rules which execute against data before it
                                     is saved to our database, (iii) a schema-first API design using
                                     GraphQL and strong typing to enforce a strict contract
                                     between official clients and API resolvers. Company applies
                                     these measures across the board, both to ensure the quality
                                     of any Usage Data that Company collects and to ensure that
                                     the Company Platform is operating within expected
                                     parameters.

                                     Company ensures that data quality is maintained from the
                                     time a Customer sends Customer Data into the Services and
                                     until that Customer Data is presented or exported.
Measures for ensuring limited data   Customers unilaterally determine what data they route
retention                            through the Services. As such, Company operates on a
                                     shared responsibility model. If a Customer is unable to delete
                                     Personal Data via the self-services functionality of the
                                     Services, then the Company deletes such Personal Data
                                     upon the Customer's written request, within the timeframe
                                     specified in this DPA and in accordance with Applicable Data


                                                                                                    14
                                   Protection Law. All Personal Data is deleted from the
                                   Services following service termination.
Measures for ensuring              Company has adopted measures for ensuring accountability,
accountability                     such as implementing data protection and information security
                                   policies across the business, recording and reporting
                                   Personal Data Breaches, and formally assigning roles and
                                   responsibilities for information security and data privacy
                                   functions. Additionally, the Company conducts regular
                                   third-party audits to ensure compliance with our privacy and
                                   security standards.

Measures for allowing data         Personal Data submitted to the Services by Customer may be
portability and ensuring erasure   deleted by the Customer or at the Customer’s request.

                                   Personal Data is incidental to the Company’s Services. Based
                                   on Privacy by Design and Data Minimization principles,
                                   Company severely limits the instances of Personal Data
                                   collection and processing within the Services. Most use cases
                                   for porting Personal Data from Company are not applicable.
                                   However, Company will respond to all requests for data
                                   porting in order to address Customer needs.
Technical and organizational       The Company enters into Data Processing Agreements with
measures of sub-processors         its Authorized Sub-Processors with data protection
                                   obligations substantially similar to those contained in this
                                   DPA.




                                                                                              15
                                     Schedule 3​ ​
                            STANDARD CONTRACTUAL CLAUSES

1.​    EU SCCS

       With respect to any transfers referred to in clause 12, the Standard Contractual Clauses shall
       be completed as follows:

1.1​   Module Two (controller to processor) of the SCCs will apply.

1.2​   Clause 7 of the Standard Contractual Clauses (Docking Clause) does not apply.

1.3​   Option 2 of Clause 9(a) (General written authorization) shall apply, and the time period to be
       specified is determined in clause 6.4 of the DPA.

1.4​   The option in Clause 11(a) of the Standard Contractual Clauses (Independent dispute
       resolution body) does not apply.

1.5​   With regard to Clause 17 of the Standard Contractual Clauses (Governing law), the Parties
       agree that option 1 will apply and the governing law will be Irish law.

1.6​   In Clause 18 of the Standard Contractual Clauses (Choice of forum and jurisdiction), the
       Parties submit themselves to the jurisdiction of the courts of Ireland.

1.7​   For the Purpose of Annex I of the Standard Contractual Clauses, Schedule 1 of the DPA
       contains the specifications regarding the parties, the description of transfer, and the
       competent supervisory authority.

1.8​   For the Purpose of Annex II of the Standard Contractual Clauses, Schedule 2 of the DPA
       contains the technical and organisational measures.

2.​    UK Addendum

2.1​   This paragraph 2 (UK Addendum) shall apply to any transfer of Covered Data from Customer
       (as data exporter) to Company (as data importer), to the extent that:

        (a)​    the UK Data Protection Laws apply to Company when making that transfer; or

        (b)​    the transfer is an "onward transfer" as defined in the Approved Addendum.

2.2​   As used in this paragraph 2:

       "Approved Addendum" means the template addendum, version B.1.0 issued by the UK
       Information Commissioner under S119A(1) Data Protection Act 2018 and laid before the UK
       Parliament on 2 February 2022, as it may be revised according to Section 18 of the
       Approved Addendum.




                                                                                                  16
       "UK Data Protection Laws" means all laws relating to data protection, the processing of
       personal data, privacy and/or electronic communications in force from time to time in the UK,
       including the UK GDPR and the Data Protection Act 2018.

2.3​   The Approved Addendum will form part of this DPA with respect to any transfers referred to
       in paragraph 2.1, and execution of this DPA shall have the same effect as signing the
       Approved Addendum.

2.4​   The Approved Addendum shall be deemed completed as follows:

        (a)​    the "Addendum EU SCCs" shall refer to the SCCs as they are incorporated into this
                Agreement in accordance with clause 12 and this Schedule 3;

        (b)​    Table 1 of the Approved Addendum shall be completed with the details in paragraph
                A of Schedule 1;

        (c)​    the "Appendix Information" shall refer to the information set out in Schedule 1 and
                Schedule 2

        (d)​    for the purposes of Table 4 of the Approved Addendum, Company (as data
                importer) may end this DPA, to the extent the Approved Addendum applies, in
                accordance with Section ‎19 of the Approved Addendum; and

        (e)​    Section 16 of the Approved Addendum does not apply.

3.​    Swiss addendum

3.1​   This Swiss Addendum will apply to any Processing of Covered Data that is subject to Swiss
       Data Protection Laws or to both Swiss Data Protection Laws and the EU GDPR.

3.2​   Interpretation of this Addendum

        (a)​   Where this Addendum uses terms that are defined in the Standard Contractual
               Clauses, those terms will have the same meaning as in the Standard Contractual
               Clauses. In addition, the following terms have the following meanings:

               "Addendum" means this addendum to the Clauses;

               "Clauses" means the Standard Contractual Clauses as incorporated into this DPA in
               accordance with clause 12 and as further specified in this Schedule 3; and

               "FDPIC" means the Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner.

        (b)​   This Addendum shall be read and interpreted in a manner that is consistent with
               Swiss Data Protection Laws, and so that it fulfils the Parties' obligations under Article
               16(2)(d) of the FADP.




                                                                                                     17
        (c)​   This Addendum will not be interpreted in a way that conflicts with rights and
               obligations provided for in Swiss Data Protection Laws.

        (d)​   Any references to legislation (or specific provisions of legislation) means that
               legislation (or specific provision) as it may change over time. This includes where that
               legislation (or specific provision) has been consolidated, re-enacted and/or replaced
               after this Swiss Addendum has been entered into.

        (e)​   In relation to any Processing of Personal Data subject to Swiss Data Protection Laws
               or to both Swiss Data Protection Laws and the GDPR, this Addendum amends and
               supplements the Clauses to the extent necessary so they operate:

                   (i)​    for transfers made by the data exporter to the data importer, to the extent
                           that Swiss Data Protection Laws apply to the data exporter’s Processing
                           when making that transfer; and

                   (ii)​   as standard data protection clauses approved, issued or recognised by the
                           FDPIC for the purposes of Article 16(2)(d) of the FADP.

3.3​   Hierarchy

       In the event of a conflict or inconsistency between this Addendum and the provisions of the
       Clauses or other related agreements between the Parties, existing at the time this
       Addendum is agreed or entered into thereafter, the provisions which provide the most
       protection to Data Subjects will prevail.

3.4​   Changes to the Clauses for transfers exclusively subject to Swiss Data Protection
       Laws

       To the extent that the data exporter's Processing of Personal Data is exclusively subject to
       Swiss Data Protection Laws, or the transfer of Personal Data from a data exporter to a data
       importer under the Clauses is an "onward transfer" (as defined in the Clauses, as amended
       by the remainder of this paragraph 3.3(a)) the following amendments are made to the
       Clauses:

        (a)​    References to the "Clauses" or the "SCCs" mean this Swiss Addendum as it
                amends the SCCs.

        (b)​    Clause 6 Description of the transfer(s) is replaced with:

                "The details of the transfer(s), and in particular the categories of Personal Data that
                are transferred and the purpose(s) for which they are transferred, are those
                specified in Schedule 1 of this DPA where Swiss Data Protection Laws apply to the
                data exporter’s Processing when making that transfer."




                                                                                                    18
        (c)​   References to "Regulation (EU) 2016/679" or "that Regulation" or ""GDPR" are
               replaced by "Swiss Data Protection Laws" and references to specific Article(s) of
               "Regulation (EU) 2016/679" or "GDPR" are replaced with the equivalent Article or
               Section of Swiss Data Protection Laws extent applicable.

        (d)​   References to Regulation (EU) 2018/1725 are removed.

        (e)​   References to the "European Union", "Union", "EU" and "EU Member State" are all
               replaced with "Switzerland".

        (f)​   Clause 13(a) and Part C of Annex I are not used; the "competent supervisory
               authority" is the FDPIC;

        (g)​   Clause 17 is replaced to state

        (h)​   "These Clauses are governed by the laws of Switzerland".

        (i)​   Clause 18 is replaced to state:

               "Any dispute arising from these Clauses relating to Swiss Data Protection Laws will
               be resolved by the courts of Switzerland. A Data Subject may also bring legal
               proceedings against the data exporter and/or data importer before the courts of
               Switzerland in which he/she has his/her habitual residence. The Parties agree to
               submit themselves to the jurisdiction of such courts."

3.5​   Supplementary provisions for transfers of Personal data subject to both the GDPR
       and Swiss Data Protection Laws

        (a)​   To the extent that the data exporter's Processing of Personal Data is subject to both
               Swiss Data Protection Laws and the GDPR, or the transfer of Personal Data from a
               data exporter to a data importer under the Clauses is an "onward transfer" under
               both the Clauses and the Clauses as amended by paragraph 3.3(c) of this
               Addendum:

                (i)​    for the purposes of Clause 13(a) and Part C of Annex I:

                        (A)​    the FDPIC shall act as competent supervisory authority with
                                respect to any transfers of Personal Data to the extent Swiss Data
                                Protection Laws apply to the data exporter's Processing when
                                making that transfer, or such transfer is an "onward transfer" as
                                defined in the Clauses (as amended by paragraph 3.3 of this
                                Addendum; and

                        (B)​    subject to the provisions of paragraph 2 of this Schedule 3 (UK
                                Addendum), the supervisory authority identified in Schedule 1 shall
                                act as competent supervisory authority with respect to any



                                                                                                 19
                                transfers of Personal Data to the extent the GDPR applies to the
                                data exporter's processing, or such transfer is an "onward transfer"
                                as defined in the Clauses.

        (b)​   the terms "European Union", "Union", "EU", and "EU Member State" shall not be
               interpreted in a way that excludes the ability of Data Subjects in Switzerland
               bringing a claim in their place of habitual residence in accordance with Clause 18(c)
               of the Clauses; and

4.​    Transfers under the laws of other jurisdictions

4.1​   With respect to any transfers of Personal Data referred to in clause 12.1(b) (each a "Global
       Transfer"), the SCCs shall not be interpreted in a way that conflicts with rights and
       obligations provided for in the Exporter Data Protection Laws.

4.2​   For the purposes of any Global Transfers, the SCCs shall be deemed to be amended to the
       extent necessary so that they operate:

        (a)​   for transfers made by the applicable data exporter to the data importer, to the extent
               the Exporter Data Protection Laws apply to that data exporter's Processing when
               making that transfer; and

        (b)​   to provide appropriate safeguards for the transfers in accordance with the Exporter
               Data Protection Laws.

4.3​   The amendments referred to in clause paragraph 4.2 include (without limitation) the
       following:

        (a)​   references to the "GDPR" and to specific Articles of the GDPR are replaced with the
               equivalent provisions under the Exporter Data Protection Laws;

        (b)​   reference to the "Union", "EU" and "EU Member State" are all replaced with
               reference to the jurisdiction in which the Exporter Data Protection Laws were issued
               (the "Exporter Jurisdiction");

        (c)​   the "competent supervisory authority" shall be the applicable supervisory in the
               Exporter Jurisdiction; and

        (d)​   Clauses 17 and 18 of the SCCs shall refer to the laws and courts of the Exporter
               Jurisdiction respectively.

4.4​   Where, at any time during Company’s Processing of Covered Data under this DPA, a
       transfer mechanism other than the SCCs is approved under the Exporter Data Protection
       Laws with respect to transfers of Covered Data by Customer to Company, the Parties shall
       promptly enter into a supplementary agreement that:




                                                                                                  20
        (a)​    incorporates any standard data protection clauses or another transfer mechanism
                formally adopted by the relevant authority in the Exporter Jurisdiction;

        (b)​    incorporates the details of Processing set out in Schedule 1; and

        (c)​    shall, with respect to the transfer of Personal Data subject to the Exporter Data
                Protection Laws, take precedence over this DPA in the event of any conflict.

4.5​   Where required under the Exporter Data Protection Laws, the relevant data exporter shall file
       a copy of the agreement entered into in accordance with paragraph 4.4 with the relevant
       national authority.




                                                                                                 21
                                          Schedule 4​ ​
                                LIST OF AUTHORISED SUB-PROCESSORS

The following is a list of Sub-processors currently authorised by Company to Process Covered Data,
as referred to in clause 6.2 of this DPA. Company shall update this Schedule in accordance with
clause 6.4.


 Sub-processor                   Processing Location(s)             Service / Purpose


 Amazon Web Services             United States, Japan               Cloud infrastructure and service
                                                                    provider


 Google Cloud Platform           United States                      Cloud infrastructure and service
                                                                    provider


 Oracle Cloud Infrastructure     United States, Japan, United       Cloud infrastructure and service
                                 Kingdom, Germany                   provider


 Cloudflare                      Closest data center to End User    Content delivery network provider
                                 (global)


 Vercel                          United States                      Frontend hosting


 Pylon                           United States                      Customer support platform


 Linear                          United States                      Internal support collaboration


 Discord Inc.                    United States                      Communication services


 Slack                           United States                      Collaboration


 Lambda Labs                     United States                      Infrastructure provider


 Crusoe                          United States, Iceland             Infrastructure provider


 Voltage Park                    United States                      Infrastructure provider


 Vultr                           United States                      Infrastructure provider


 CoreWeave                       United States                      Infrastructure provider


 Anthropic                       United States                      AI services




                                                                                                        22
